fix(SEO): Add SEO descriptions to English source docs (#4997)
QwenLM/qwen-code: docs/users/configuration/auth.md

---

> description: "Authenticate Qwen Code with API Key, Alibaba Cloud Coding Plan, or OAuth. Set up your AI coding agent in 3 steps and start coding."

Reviewer: "in 3 steps" doesn't match the page — it presents three authentication *methods* to choose from, not a 3-step setup.

```suggestion
description: "Authenticate Qwen Code with API Key, Alibaba Cloud Coding Plan, or OAuth. Pick the method that matches how you run the CLI and start coding."
```
